Add details supporting existing resources (#1691)
dotnet/docs-aspire: docs/fundamentals/app-host-overview.md

---
title: .NET Aspire orchestration overview

> description: Learn the fundamental concepts of .NET Aspire orchestration and explore the various APIs for expressing and referencing resources.

Reviewer: Not clear to me what "expressing" means in this context.

> description: Learn the fundamental concepts of .NET Aspire orchestration and explore the various APIs for expressing and referencing resources.

Author: ```suggestion
description: Learn the fundamental concepts of .NET Aspire orchestration and explore the various APIs for adding resources and expressing dependencies.
```

## Define the app model

.NET Aspire empowers you to seamlessly build, provision, deploy, configure, test, run, and observe your distributed applications. All of these capabilities are achieved through the utilization of an _app model_ that outlines the resources in your .NET Aspire solution and their relationships. These resources encompass projects, executables, containers, and external services and cloud resources that your app depends on. Within every .NET Aspire solution, there's a designated [App host project](#app-host-project), where the app model is precisely defined using methods available on the <xref:Aspire.Hosting.IDistributedApplicationBuilder>. This builder is obtained by invoking <xref:Aspire.Hosting.DistributedApplication.CreateBuilder%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType>.

```csharp
// Create a new app model builder
var builder = DistributedApplication.CreateBuilder(args);

> // TODO:

Reviewer: Did you intend to leave this TODO here?

Author: Yes, it's for the reader....
